DOC - add some detail for filter-out plugin (#9346)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/cdp/filter-out.md

## FAQ

> ### Q: How can I filter out events from unwanted hosts when using the JavaScript Web SDK while still retaining events from other SDKs?
> 
> If you enable the option to `Keep event if any of the filtered properties are undefined?`, any events where the `$host` property is undefined will not be filtered out.
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### Q: How can I filter out events from unwanted hosts?

You could use the following config:
```
[
  {
    "property": "$host",
    "type": "string",
    "operator": "is",
    "value": "posthog.com"
  }
]
```
Make sure to enable the `Keep event if any of the filtered properties are undefined?` option, otherwise, any events where the `$host` property is undefined will be filtered out.

````

## FAQ

> ### Q: How can I filter out events from unwanted hosts when using the PostHog browser SDK while still retaining events from other sdk?
> 
> **A:** if you enable the option to `Keep event if any of the filtered properties are undefined?`, any events where the $host property is undefined will not be filtered out.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Q: How can I filter out events from unwanted hosts when using the JavaScript Web SDK while still retaining events from other SDKs?

If you enable the option to `Keep event if any of the filtered properties are undefined?`, any events where the `$host` property is undefined will not be filtered out.

```
